Hi Marty

thanks for yesterday...........nice to meet you at last. Patrick 0423 951 111

Here is some INFO.

Also, upon reading my notes, I do have some items I would like you to clarify and/or confirm for me please:

INFO: I DO NOT have the 502 as part of my TAE....10

Accordingly, I would be seeking RPL thru sma. ASA  the better, I guess.

TO CLARIFY:

SESSIONAL
Why is there a max of 800 hours ...........is that per annum?


800/38 = 21 weeks only??? Right???


TO CLARIFY:
FULL TIME

1300 hours max

1300 / 38  =  34 weeks only??? Right?


TO CLARIFY:

When can leave be taken? After what period of service does leave become available?

Are leave periods restricted to the Christmas / Jan break?

What does sma prefer?

I would definitely be looking to use the 6 weeks option.

Remider ......... I have a prebooked holiday early Dec 2019


TO CLARIFY:

What was the NIDA electrotechology communications system you  mentioned in relation to the full time position?

Was it this?

Course: Specialisation Training

Duration: 5 - 9 weeks dependent of specialisation

Location: HMAS Cerberus, Crib Point, Victoria

The specialisation course commences after completion of ITT.
Here you will commence your work group training being a Systems, Communications or Weapons rate.
You will consolidate your training from ITT and learn basic principals and theories for your specialisation. 

INFO:

The suggestion to start sessional and then go full time, seems ideal.


INFO:

I visited the navy website and thoroughly read the ITT description. 

If it helps, I've looked at ALL the cert III units and don't see any probs running any of them (so far at least!)

    Participate in electronics and communications work and competency development activities
    Apply Occupational Health and Safety regulations, codes and practices in the workplace
    Fabricate, assemble and dismantle utilities industry components
    Solve problems in D.C. circuits
    Document and apply measures to control WHS risks associated with electrotechnology work
    Repair basic electronic apparatus faults by replacement of components
    Troubleshoot single phase input D.C. power supplies
    Troubleshoot digital subsystems
    Troubleshoot amplifiers in an electronic apparatus
    Troubleshoot resonance circuits in an electronic apparatus
    Fault find and repair complex power supplies
    Troubleshoot basic amplifier circuits
    Solve fundamental electronic communications system problems
    Apply environmentally and sustainable energy procedures in the energy sector
    Use computer applications relevant to a workplace
    Comply with scheduled and preventative maintenance program processes
    Solve problems in ELV single path circuits
    Select electronic components for assembly
    Use lead-free soldering techniques
    Assemble, set-up and test computing devices
    Use engineering applications software on personal computers
    Install and configure a client computer operating system and software
    Set up and configure basic local area network (LAN)
    Use drawings, diagrams, schedules, standards, codes and specifications
    Repair predictable faults in general electronic apparatus
    Fault find and repair electronic apparatus
    Solve oscillator problems



*******************









 